Dre: Staying happily married
is hard.
The odds aren't great.
How many successful marriages
can you think of?
53% of American marriages fail.
That's like playing
Russian roulette
with a gun that has
three bullets in it.
♪♪
Now we got ourselves a game.
Didi mao!
You sure
this a good idea?
Mao!
I thought you said
you wanted a guys' night out.
We're going to
Buffalo Wild Wings after this.
Well,
at least one of us will.
Didi mao!
Every few years, Bow and I
get into a bit of a funk.
Happens to everybody.
Not a big deal.
Unless you can't
get back out...
which happens to
half of everybody.
And as our latest funk
kept getting funkier,
I started to wonder if we had
less of a shot than I thought.
♪♪
My guy! Hi!
Look at you
and your book.
♪♪
Who is she kidding?
That baby can't read.
Rainbow: We'll do the cake
in like half an hour.
Oh!
-Charlie.
Dre: That's a big gift.
What'd you bring?
It is not three loads of laundry
inside of a gift bag.
I know that for sure.
Now, if you'll excuse me,
I'm...
gonna hide Devante's gift
inside your washing machine.
-Mm-hmm.
-Mm-hmm. Okay.
Dre, uh, you wouldn't happen to
have any Woolite
I can pour all over
Devante's gift, would you?
Third drawer on the left.
-My man.
-Dre.
Great party, guys!
Hey! Hey!
Thank you.
I cannot believe
what a big boy he is.
Ohh.
This little cutie must be
walking all over the place.
Oh, he's not yet,
but any day now.
Yep.
-Yep, any day now.
Although all of our other
children were walking by now.
Yes, but he came
six weeks early,
so he's creating his own
developmental timelines.
Which apparently you're
the only one that knows.
Yes, me and a whole bunch
of physicians
who used science to
establish real milestones,
and he is hitting
all those milestones, so.
Huh, I guess the takeaway is
that everything is great.
Ok, I-I'm going to
go get a mimosa
with those childless grown men
over there
who are pretending not to
watch that woman breastfeed.
Excuse me.
-Yeah, you go over there.
Hey, even Ronnie is surprised
that he isn't walking yet,
and she has four kids.
Ronnie is a chiropractor,
so she doesn't know anything.
Yeah, a chiropractor
with babies who walk.
You still don't think
that's enough reason
to go to the doctor?
No, I really don't, Dre,
and I am a doctor.
And like I've told you
hundreds of times,
Devante's gonna be fine.
Hmm.
Okay?
Please stop worrying.
-All right, oh.
-Please. Come here, sweetie.
Come with me.
Okay, come on.
Why do we
have a bouncy house
for a 1-year-old's
birthday party?
Because Devante told me
it's what he wants.
Although he really wishes
this had a water feature.
He said all this to you?
When did he
learn to speak?
I don't know.
Okay.
Ooh, look at tha--
Mmm.
"Happy birthday,
Durante?"
Psh.
I gave them
the right name.
Why didn't you check it
when you picked it up?
Wow.
Okay, that became my fault
really quickly.
All you had to do
was check it.
Yep.
Well, thanks for ruining
my Saturday, Dre.
-You see, where I come from,
a "child's birthday" is code
for scoring cocaine.
-What the hell are y--
-Now, if you will excuse me,
I'm going to
a child's birthday.
Thanks for nothing...
Durante.
Rainbow: Ugh.
Did you really ask...
every single parent
when their kids
started walking?
I wasn't just
asking them about that.
I was also curious to learn
when their kids started
matching their shirts
with their sneakers.
Okay, Junior's gonna get there,
and so is Devante.
Yeah.
Dre, you just got to stop
bringing it up with people.
It's -- It's creepy.
-Okay, well...
-It's, like, weird.
...what am I supposed to do
when people like Ronnie
bring it up to me?
Say, "no comment"?
"But why isn't your son
walking?"
"No comment."
"Why is your son rocking an
Adidas sweatshirt with Jordans?"
"First off, that's not my son,
and no comment."
What are you doing?
You didn't
wash the back.
You know what? Next time,
you just do it yourself, okay,
because I'm out of
the plate-washing game.
I didn't know you were ever
in the plate-washing game.
What's going on with us?
I don't know.
We're just off.
Yeah.
Maybe just...it's like
we're not connecting.
I know.
I hate it.
Me, too.
Babe,
this doesn't feel like us.
I know, I know.
Maybe we should...
go back to couple's therapy.
Go see Dr. Ima for a tune-up
or something.
It's been a while.
Mm-hmm.
Couldn't hurt.
I think it'll be good.
Okay.
Okay?
All right.
Mmm.
Charlie: This feels like
a private conversation
that I'm interrupting.
-Oh, my God.
It's just the fact that your
dryer is having a real problem
with Devante's baby gift of a
king-sized adult-stained duvet.
You know what,
forget about it.
I'll make it work.
Just, uh, point me
to the, uh, clothespins.
Th--
I'll make it work, don't worry.
So Bow and I
went back to therapy.
All we needed was
a friendly, little tune-up.
Durante?
Oh...so you're still on that,
huh?
Okay, well, you didn't say
anything about the balloons
or the streamers
or the great idea I had
to get him a smash cake,
which he had a ball with,
which you would've
never thought of.
Why would I
have thought of it?
I never had one growing up.
Of course you never had one
growing up.
What?
You were never allowed
to eat sugar, flour, dairy,
or anything that produces joy
and happiness.
This is
what I live with.
And I live with
someone who doesn't care
our son isn't walking yet!
You can't
force him to walk.
I'm helping him to walk.
You just don't get it.
Dragging him around
by his arms
isn't gonna help him
learn to walk.
O-Okay, well,
tell me what will help him,
since you have
all the answers.
Why do you
always do that?
I'm gonna stop you.
We're getting into bickering,
and this isn't productive.
After this many
years of marriage
and having a new baby,
things --
And a dog.
Things --
And both of his parents.
-Wh--
-Both of them.
Things have gotten
away from you.
It happens.
You've got to breathe,
remember you're
on the same team,
and devote some time
to each other.
How are we
gonna do that?
Yeah, I mean,
I have so much going on.
I'm not talking about
anything radical --
just a simple night
of reconnection.
A date night.
It's a chance to focus
on each other.
It's saying, "I know
there's a world around me,
but what's important
is in front of me."
It has been forever since
we actually just went out.
Just us.
I don't remember
the last time we did that.
Pick a night.
Right now.
Choose each other.
How about Thursday?
I can do Thur--
I can make that work.
I can make Thursday work.
-Me, too.
-Yeah.
Jack:
Guys, look!
The bouncy house is still here!
Oh, my God.
Thank you, God. Thank you.
I know you saw
my pure heart.
God had nothing
to do with this.
Whoo!
Grandma's seen
this hustle before.
Man "forgets" to pick it up,
then charges you
for the extra day.
Oh, no!
A scam like that could cost Mom
and Dad twenties of dollars!
This is incredible!
Maybe we can
keep this forever!
Yeah, that's exactly what
he needs -- more brain jostling.
Oh,
I could live out here.
And you definitely
should!
I'll give you
all my tooth fairy money
if you help me get his bed
out of my room.
Check this out.
You know what, uh,
how's the steak?
-It's --
-Eh, i-it doesn't matter
because I am going to go
with the scampi.
-Okay.
-It's very --
-Uh...
Between the scampi
and the chicken,
which would you
recommend?
Ah, you know what?
Don't --
Don't even worry about it
because...
I am gonna
go for the steak.
-Okay, and I wi--
-No!
Scampi.
Yep, yep. Scampi.
I'm done.
Oh.
I'll have the trout, please.
-Thank you.
-Thanks.
Are you seriously streaming
ESPN Plus right now?
I have to enjoy something
tonight.
Mm.
You know what, babe?
I'm sorry about
the ordering thing.
Oh, God.
Please, no. It's fine.
I'm actually really glad
we did this.
-Yeah.
-It's nice.
-It is.
-Mm-hmm. Yep.
-Yes, yes.
Cheers!
Cheers.
You look nice.
You don't have to
do that.
No, I mean it, babe.
You look nice.
Thank you.
It's actually
really nice to hear.
"Actually"?
I compliment you
all the time.
Okay, Dre.
You say that like
I don't compliment you.
Baby, I compliment you.
Okay.
More than you compliment me.
Hm.
That's why I said "okay,"
Dre.
Uh-huh.
Because
no matter what I said,
you would turn it
into a big deal
because you turn everything
into a big deal.
Oh, I make a big deal
out of everything?
Yes, the same way
you're making a big deal
out of the fact that I said
you make a big deal
out of everything.
Okay, well, now I feel like
it's a set-up.
You know, everything I say
is automatically a big deal.
It's exactly what you did
at the therapist's office
about Devante.
-Mm-hmm.
Yeah, you wouldn't stop
talking about it
because you're obsessed.
Oh, you got me.
I'm obsessed with
my baby's health.
A loving father
who cares about his child.
Ooh, such a monster.
Fine.
I'm the bad guy.
Finally, you admit it.
Wh--
Do you know how hard it is
dealing with you constantly?
Like you are
a kiss of sunshine.
Oh, my God. Okay.
Where is our food?
We can leave right now.
We don't have to eat here.
You don't even know
what you ordered.
-Steak.
-Scampi.
I said steak.
No scampi.
He thinks
you ordered scampi.
Ok, well,
he'll be wrong.
♪♪
So somehow, our date night
had turned into another fight.
-This is whack.
This whole thing is whack.
We just need to get
back into our flow.
Right.
We have a flow?
We definitely
have a flow.
You...love...our flow.
Mm-hmm.
Flow looks good on you, too,
baby.
Let's do it.
Oh, you know I'm down.
Mm-hmm.
You know, I would be
more down tomorrow,
because I think I overdid it
with the "scrimp."
Even better because,
you know what,
if we do it tomorrow night,
we can plan it,
we can make it
really special.
-Great.
-Yeah.
Tomorrow means
we can get dessert.
Tonight.
♪♪
-Whoo!
Okay, Mason,
are you enjoying these jumps?
Yeah.
-Uh-huh.
That was just
your trial membership.
Time to get real.
Here are your bouncing packages.
What's happening?
Diane, stop.
It's not fun when
you bring money into it.
No, Jack. It isn't fun
until you bring money into it.
Now, Mason, you can do
50 cents a jump,
or jump unlimited the whole day
for $50.
Unlimited
sounds good.
Of course it does.
Do you want to talk night rates
now or wait until magic hour?
I just want to jump.
That's adorable.
-Yeah.
So just like that, it was on.
All day long,
my elegant, sophisticated wife
had been sexting me
like a drunk sorority girl.
And it felt good having a
little secret just between us.
-Dre.
-Hey.
How was couples' therapy?
Wait a minute, you didn't
save your marriage, did you?
Because I can't take these
flowers back to the cemetery.
It's --
It's haunted.
I-I'm sorry, but if you were
trying couples' therapy,
it's already over.
But on the bright side,
you are about to get invited
to my yacht parties.
BYO
horse tranquilizers.
Okay, guys,
my marriage is fine,
and couples' therapy
is just something that
normal, happy husbands and wives
do to maintain happy marriages.
You got a white girl
on the side, don't you?
O
Hey! White woman!
Are you having sex
with Black Dre?
I do not have a side chick,
Daphne, okay.
I love my wife,
but sometimes couples
need to be reminded
that you are
on the same team
and that you need to devote
a little extra time
to one another.
She didn't make you go on
a date night, did she?
She didn't
make me do anything.
I mean
And date nights are great.
They're just a way to say that,
"I know there's
a world around me,
but what's important
is in front of me."
Are you saying that you chose
to go out with your wife
for no reason?
-Yeah.
Hilarious.
You know what?
Keep an eye out
for the real kiss of death --
scheduled sex.
What's -- What's wrong
with scheduled sex?
People don't schedule sex, Dre.
That's crazy.
Any time I've had sex,
it's always been a surprise.
A surprise for who?
For me
because I'm a freak in the gym.
You remember that.
I think scheduled sex
is a great idea.
That way I don't
walk in on my mom.
-Oof.
-Dre!
You don't have to
schedule it.
Just whip it out.
White girls love that.
I --
It's that bitch,
isn't it?
-Rita, come here.
Talk to you.
Stevens: You and Rita?
Ooh, a lot of horses
run on that track.
Ugh.
I wasn't gonna let these
idiots at work get in my head.
Scheduled sex
may have had a bad rap,
but I was about to get in there
and change the game.
Hey.
So...
Hmm?
Wait, are w
Are we gonna --
We are.
-Oh, we are. Okay, okay.
-Oh, w-we are.
-I-I...okay.
-Oh, no, this --
Okay.
Should we just --
Should we just, like, go in?
-Oh.
Why not?
Just go in.
Okay.
-Come here.
-Okay.
Mmm.
-Oh, I like that.
-I like that, too.
Ow, ow, ow, ow.
-Ow, ooh, my finger's stuck.
-What are -- Okay, so --
Were you trying to take it out?
-Yeah, I was --
Wh--
I thought maybe you might
like it down, babe.
Okay, no.
Okay. Well, you know,
let's just put it back up.
Okay, keep -- Just leave it.
I got it, I got it.
Seriously, I've got it.
I got it.
What's wrong, Bow?
Dre...
Everything --
Everything's got to be
the way you want it.
What?
Like my hair and music
and Devante.
Are you seriously bringing
Devante into this right now?
I'm sorry.
Wh-- Because --
Because you weren't the one
that brought it up?
'Cause that's all I do,
huh?
Yes, Dre.
You're always talking about
how you're worried that
he's behind schedule.
Because I am!
Okay, but you're always ta--
Great, well...
Okay, so,
I-I'll just go get him
the way I always do.
Wait, what are you --
what are you talking about?
I get him just as much
as you do.
Whatever, Dre.
You know what,
it's cool.
-I said I was gonna do it.
-Hey, it's cool.
I got it, all right?
-I said -- I said I'll go.
-I'll get him.
-I'll do it.
I'll get him, that way you won't
hold this over my head
like you do
with everything else.
I...
I don't do that.
-Oh.
-Coming!
Hey! What's wrong,
boop
We're coming, honey.
Oh, somebody's up.
-Hi, bubba.
-Mm-hmm.
-Come on, let's go. Come on.
What are you gonna do?
Come on. Come on.
Babe, can you please stop
pulling him around by his arms?
Just let him be.
Oh, somebody
needs their diaper changed.
Oh, we're out. Okay.
-Oh, I'll go get them.
No, babe. I know where they are.
I'll get them from downstairs.
It's okay, I'll do it.
No, babe, I'll get them,
all right? Ooh.
Why are you
making this a thing?
I --
Oh, my God.
♪♪
Big problems usually don't
get solved all at once,
but sometimes
real change can start
with something as small
as baby steps.
Well, little man
went out like a light.
Those four steps, whoo,
got his blood flowing.
Oh, my God.
He was so cute.
-Mm.
-Like a little sailor.
Yeah, he was.
I don't think I could be
any more relieved right now.
"Relieved"?
I thought you were so sure that
everything was gonna be fine.
I never said
I was sure about anything.
I was just as worried as you,
I just --
I mean, being worried
isn't gonna help the situation.
Oh, hold on.
You --
You thought something
might've been wrong
with our son,
and you were just gonna
sit back and roll the dice
and not do anything
about it?
Dre...
...I see what all those kids
go through
with those
developmental tests,
and it is so hard
on those babies,
and I just didn't want Devante
to have to go through that
if he didn't need it.
Okay, if you felt like that,
why didn't you let me know
so I wouldn't feel like I was
going through this by myself?
Because I knew
that you were gonna
jump right into crisis mode
and not let it play itself out.
Okay, and what if there happened
to be a crisis?
Okay.
Oh, my God. Wow.
Yeah.
You are relentless,
Dre.
This is why I didn't tell you
how I was feeling.
What?
Because you were
gonna criticize me
for not handling it
exactly the way you do.
Uh, because I don't like
the way you handle things.
You know what?
I am starting to realize
that you and I see the world
differently.
♪♪
Yeah, well,
I think we do, too.
♪♪